1. The school day begins at 9am. Class teachers meet the class and check who is present
or absent at the start of the day. All the classes meet once a week on Fridays. The head
teacher speaks to the whole school. Morning lessons begin at 9.20am. There are three
40-minute lessons with a 20-minute break in between. The lunch break is from 12pm to 1pm.
Afternoon lessons begin at 1pm and the school day finishes at 3pm.
2. All the students study and take exams in maths, science and English. They also choose
one subject from history, geography, art, French and Chinese. All the students take PE lessons,
but no exams are required. 3. The chess, music, language and theatre clubs often have meetings
after school. Students may join as many clubs as they like, but they must join at least one.
4. After school sports practice and matches take place on Wednesday afternoons and Saturday mornings.
The school has a good record in sports. Last year we were the best in football and tennis,
and some students won prizes for swimming and running.